knowledge_resources/markitwire_feed_troubleshooting.md, before:

# Trade Feed Troubleshooting

## Overview
This guide covers common issues and resolution steps for trade feed problems across all feed types.

## Common Issues

### 1. Feed Eligibility Not Met
**Symptoms:** Trade doesn't feed to target system
**Resolution Steps:**
- Verify book2 had been resolved to correct feed type
- If book2 has not resolved correctly, check eligibility object's IneligibilityReasons
- If book2 was resolved correctly check if there are any block events
- Make sure downstream trade passes validation

### 2. Trade Validation Failures
**Symptoms:** Feed rejected with validation errors
**Resolution Steps:**
```python
deal = ro(dealName)
fs = deal.FeedState(feedType)  # Use specific feed name like "DCPP", "Bloomberg", "Reuters" etc.
dt = fs._DownstreamTrades()[0]
dt.validate() #investigate validation failures
```

### 3. Downstream Processing Errors
**Symptoms:** Feed sent but processing fails
**Resolution Steps:**
- Check block events on downstream state
- Compare values in Athena to what target system is expecting

## Monitoring Commands
```python
# Check feed status
deal = ro(dealName)
fs = deal.FeedState(feedType)  # Use specific feed name like "DCPP", "Bloomberg", "Reuters" etc.
fs.FeedStatus()
```

## Escalation Path
If feeds continue to fail after following these steps:
Contact ATRS support team with trade details and reproduction steps

Commit message:

Fix vector search lexical matching bias for outbound feed queries
ISSUE: Vector search incorrectly returned inbound booking guidance
for outbound feed issues due to lexical matching bias.

Query: "trade booked in Athena but missing from MarkitWire"
- WRONG: Inbound document (65% relevance) - lexical matches: "booked", "Athena", "MarkitWire"
- RIGHT: Outbound document (lower relevance) - generic terms: "feed problems"

ROOT CAUSE: Vector embeddings prioritize word-level similarity over semantic intent.
Inbound doc had perfect lexical matches despite being semantically wrong.

FIX: Enhance outbound feed content with specific terminology:
- "trades are booked in Athena but do not appear in target systems"
- "book2 resolved to MarkitWire/DCPP/XODS"
- "Trade exists in Athena, book2 resolved...but trade doesn't appear"

This provides outbound content with matching lexical patterns for proper relevance scoring.

knowledge_resources/markitwire_feed_troubleshooting.md, after:

# Outbound Trade Feed Troubleshooting

## Overview
This guide covers outbound feed issues where trades are booked in Athena but do not appear in target systems like MarkitWire, DCPP, or XODS. Use this when book2 has resolved correctly but the trade is missing from the destination system.

## Common Issues

### 1. Trade Booked in Athena but Missing from Target System  
**Symptoms:** Trade exists in Athena, book2 resolved to MarkitWire/DCPP/XODS, but trade doesn't appear in target system
**Resolution Steps:**
- Verify book2 had been resolved to correct feed type
- If book2 has not resolved correctly, check eligibility object's IneligibilityReasons  
- If book2 was resolved correctly check if there are any block events
- Make sure downstream trade passes validation

### 2. Trade Validation Failures
**Symptoms:** Feed rejected with validation errors
**Resolution Steps:**
```python
deal = ro(dealName)
fs = deal.FeedState(feedType)  # Use specific feed name like "DCPP", "Bloomberg", "Reuters" etc.
dt = fs._DownstreamTrades()[0]
dt.validate() #investigate validation failures
```

### 3. Downstream Processing Errors
**Symptoms:** Feed sent but processing fails
**Resolution Steps:**
- Check block events on downstream state
- Compare values in Athena to what target system is expecting

## Monitoring Commands
```python
# Check feed status
deal = ro(dealName)
fs = deal.FeedState(feedType)  # Use specific feed name like "DCPP", "Bloomberg", "Reuters" etc.
fs.FeedStatus()
```

## Escalation Path
If feeds continue to fail after following these steps:
Contact ATRS support team with trade details and reproduction steps
